README.md, before:

![Logo](/logo.png)
# ABOUT
CrazyStorm is a visual editor for particle barrage to make game easier.
The project is developing now so we prohibit fork temporarily.Please wait, thank you.
## What's new
1. Opensource
2. New format and old version conversion
3. Script 
4. Universal engine framework to support multiplatforms
5. Independent player
6. so on  

## Development Environment
- Windows 7 x64
- Visual Studio 2010  

## LICENSE
The MIT License (MIT)

Copyright (c) StarX 2015 

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy
of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal
in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights
to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell
copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is
furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all
copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE
AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM,
OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE
SOFTWARE.

Commit message:

(1)Add PropertyPanel (2)Improve details (3)Change the name "Barrage" -> "Particle"

README.md, after:

![Logo](/logo.png)
# About
CrazyStorm is a visual editor for particle to make game effect easier.
The project is developing now so we prohibit unofficial modification and other usage temporarily. Please wait official version, thank you!

## Features Overview
Wait to work out.

## What's Our Goal
1. Opensource
2. New format and old version conversion
3. Independent player
4. Universal engine framework to support multiplatforms
6. Script support
6. so on

## Runtime Environment
- Windows XP/Vista/7 or above
- .NET Framework 4.0

## License
The MIT License (MIT)

Copyright (c) StarX 2015 

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy
of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal
in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights
to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell
copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is
furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all
copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE
AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM,
OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE
SOFTWARE.
